#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\master main.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "Book Antiqua"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While multiple research and tools currently exist to perform dMRI tractometry.
 Non of the these articles have presented the ability to perform analysis
 based on fixel-specific dMRI metrics.
 In this work we have presented a novel dMRI tractometry pipeline that can
 combine tractography with fixel-based dMRI derived from an improved, robust
 and accurate multi-tensor fitting to account for tract profiles.
 Futhermore, it shows promising results on the synthetic phantoms and in-vivo
 clinical grade data, where we saw the pipeline being sensitive and, more
 importantly, specific to changes in the WM.
 Besides, the results in healthy control in-vivo data shows that even without
 the improvements of MRDS, the pipeline is robust and accurate to fiber
 crossing.
 Of course, it is still required to be tested on relapsing remitting MS
 data.
 However, the preliminary experiments point to a promising result when testing
 the pipeline in MS data, which would be a fundamental contribution to the
 dMRI community.
 It is important for the community to have a fast, accurate, robust and
 easy-to-use pipeline for tractometry analysis that can be specific and
 not only sensitive to WM anomalies.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our previous abstract publications made a solid starting point for this
 work.
 Considering the preliminary results and the given schedule for the next
 years, make this project viable and finishable on time.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
